Hello, everybody. Welcome back to our usually weekly broadcasts where we're talking about the development updates for Equilibrium. For those who are not as familiar, I just want to mention real quick a few quick disclaimers. Also, I apparently have too much going on at the same time. Okay, now we're good. Quick disclaimer, the discussion today is not a solicitation for an investment and does not construe financial advice. The corresponding wrapped quill tokens discussed on this broadcast, as well as any other tokens that may be discussed, are utility tokens and Equilibrium Inc. does not encourage or endorse engaging in speculation on the utility token of the network. Now, with that out of the way, let's go ahead and get into dev updates. All right, so for the past two weeks, we've been putting a lot of effort into resolving issues around the release of 2.1.0.18. There's going to be more to come about that. I should mention real quick a couple of things that we do mention in every broadcast. The mission of Equilibrium is to secure every bit of traffic on the internet, whether QNative, other decentralized protocols, or the broader web itself. The ways we do this are through native secure applications and development tools, API compatible tooling like you'll see today, and enhancing the privacy of other protocols. Now, back to 2.1.0.18. There's one outstanding blocker, and it relates to synchronization in kind of a subtle way. It's specifically getting the trees to align properly. The native hypergraph store of the network has essentially some underlying trees that provide a CRDT-style primitive for the vertexes and the hyper edges of the hypergraph. And one of the things that we've been finding is there's some issues around the synchronization of this data. And it really comes down to the way in which we're surfacing this information back from the syncing side, like the client side that's requesting the data and the server side that's providing it. We're narrowing it down further with every single update that we've done to this branch, and the most recent update includes a little bit more extra debug details that will allow us to get this over the finish line. You can also see, compared to the previous broadcast, that shard coverage is increasing still, halt risk is decreasing, and of course, the needs coverage section has also decreased. So things are moving, but we need to get this release out, and there's one blocker left in that. I know that there's some folks that may have some questions around that. Feel free to drop them in on Twitch or on Twitter. I'll be happy to respond to either, although admittedly, I don't get a chance to see all the questions as they pop up, so I'll be going back and forth a bit. Other quick updates. Q&S. So we're going to be shipping an update to Q&S somewhere between the next 24 to 48 hours. It'll include improvements to the auctions and offers features, provide deeper integration with Quorum Mobile, which you'll see through an update to Quorum Mobile itself, and also add the ability to message the owner of a particular name using our underlying dispatch primitive that is what powers Quorum itself. Quorum Mobile itself will also be getting an update with more L1 supported on the wallet, including Monero and Zcash, and will start to include that deeper integration with Q&S, supporting all of the full Q&S features as they exist today. Other than that, some very important things as we get closer to launching on the app stores directly, faster sync and own device full sync. One of the things that some people aren't familiar with if they haven't dived into the source code is how we surface information between different instances of Quorum. So if you're using Quorum on web and you authenticated Quorum on mobile from web, there's some things that exist on the web app that don't exist on the mobile app, not just in terms of features, but also the messages that you previously had. And so one of the things we're updating around synchronization is support to fully sync this data over if you choose to do so. There's obviously certain caveats to that, and some users would like to be more able to make a decision on what kind of data they want to sync, whether it's just preferences and profile information, or if they want to sync their full chat history. Like I said, there's trade-offs in that. And so users will be given the option to choose which degree of synchronization they want, but that is at least something that we're going to add for users that really want to have their full chat history. Alongside that, we'll also have some bug fixes for some quality of life issues that people have been reporting in on the beta. And thank you very much for all the bug reports. Really appreciate it, and it helps make the app a lot better as we get closer to the App Store launch. Okay, I just got a question from Black Swan. Are we sure that all possible variations of frame production issues have been resolved? While we haven't had frame production incidents for a while, it would be great to be sure this topic is fully closed. Yes, so on the frame production front, there were a couple of different issues. To summarize, I would put it into one of three categories. The first category would be that there was one archive node that was as part of the consensus loop that had went offline. One of the people running the archive nodes decided that they were no longer going to run an archive node. Another individual has stepped up, and we have since brought it into the fold. That's one of the things that came into play. We have a roughly two of three consensus, and there's six archive nodes total. And so when we were having some issues around stability of the nodes themselves, we essentially ended up in a situation where we had four active nodes because one went offline due to the user choosing to do so, and then another that was offline due to a bug. And so by consequence, it was a pretty slightly unstable situation. Anytime there was an update that went out, if there was an issue with the update, we do have a rollout by Canary, so one node is targeted first. But that doesn't change the dynamics at all. It just means that given that it's two-thirds consensus, you could be in the situation where three of six nodes were effectively working, meaning that the network would halt for frame production. That is now resolved. So that is one of the things that is done to resolve the frame production issue. The second was there were some subtle changes we were making around consensus logic for a bit there, and that also was something that we would find halt conditions and have to overcome them. And that was just another one of the things that could induce a network halt. The third thing was synchronization-related issues themselves, where the synchronization was causing the participants in consensus to disagree on the state of the network moving forward. And this is one of the reasons, for example, why we haven't launched QClient yet is because we've been slightly altering some of the protobuf messages that are used on the network. And so by consequence, that means that in that scenario, you have some messages that include things that a QClient would be wanting to interact with. And so by not releasing QClient, it means we won't have to deal with support issues. But because those things are changing, that could also lead to consensus halts. All of those three categories are now completely out on the wayside. The only thing left that we're trying to deal with now is just strictly sync-related. OK, so next up, we're going to be talking about the services that are launching on the network basically in a couple hours once the billing tests that have been in flight are done. Oh, OK. Do we feel that archive nodes aligning on the expected root challenge is solved? So that's actually what's going to be coming out in the next update to the .18 branch is resolving that particular issue. The logs that we've been getting back, including the latest ones that were added in the latest commit on that branch, are giving us greater detail and insight about where these differences are happening. And effectively, it can give us enough information to understand why those differences are happening. And that'll enable us to actually get over that hump and get 2.1.0.18 out the door. Yeah, so QStorage. If you were here for the previous dev talk, then you've already seen this slide. You know what's in the box and what's not in the box. And effectively, you can just divide it into things that don't require interactions with other services that we might not have yet or interactions with services that we have that we'll never have. Things like, for example, we're never going to have intelligent tiering. We don't need it. Basically, the network is an edgeless network. We don't have to worry about Glacier versus edge deployments. The other thing, this is actually slightly out of date. I did just copy this slide from the previous talk. So I actually want to mention real quick that event notifications actually is included. And I'll get to why in just a second. Also, QKMS will be part of this, supporting symmetric, asymmetric RSA, asymmetric elliptic curve cryptography, including a couple of extra curve types that I'll be demonstrating, HMAC, SM2, which is for the Chinese audience, and then, of course, integration with QStorage itself. And we'll also talk about how that works and the permissioning involved. But alongside that is two other services that we weren't necessarily sure we'd be able to deploy right away. But because I have kind of an ADHD development style, I was able to actually get these over the finish line so that we could actually launch these in the same time. So that includes QQ, which is our SQS-style service. It provides pretty much 100% API compatibility. There's a few tiny things that we don't do, and it's related to the architectural differences between Q and AWS. But basically, for the majority of all use cases of SQS, unless you're doing something incredibly bespoke,

of how MPC works in Equilibrium. And so how this effectively works is, again, you have access to create keys, which is, you know, key management service. You can choose between encrypt-decrypt purposes, sign or verify, or generate and verify machine authentication codes. And the purpose of those, obviously, is going to be, you know, fit for whatever you need to do with them. But what's important is, again, this is all MPC. So every single key that you're generating. Now, the UI makes it simple in the sense that you're getting just a standard two of two. But on the actual API calls and subsequent upgrades to the QConsole UI so you can have such flexibility, it's actually threshold. You can choose how this is configured. So, for example, say that you're creating a, you know, multi-party Ethereum wallet. So you would choose SecP256K1, which is the Ethereum and Bitcoin curve. And then in the case of the API call, you would specify what your threshold is. So, in other words, if you need three of five users to sign in order for a message to be signed, then that is how you would configure it. By default here, though, it's two of two. And so the way this works is that on the Equilibrium network side, one of the key shares lives on network. The other key share lives with the end user that is running the QKMS sidecar, basically. Now, there's a couple of different ways in which this sidecar runs. So, in other words, a deployment style for server-side wallets. Like, one of the things that I guess I could describe it this way. Say that you're creating another, you know, Farcaster-compatible app, and you want to manage the signing keys on behalf of your users, not the wallet keys that live in their phone, but the ED25519 keys. One of the cases would be a server-side key management where you have one key shard that lives with your sidecar and one that lives with Equilibrium. This effectively creates a scenario where you no longer have the same kind of custody issues. So one of the things I can get back to is SecP256K1. And my experience in building multi-party wallets, even back at Coinbase, one of the things that's really, really, really critical, and I cannot express this enough, in fact, I practically mention it every time I talk about QKMS, is the fact that when you're doing multi-party wallets, and the multi-party wallets that you can find as a service today, I'm not going to name them because I don't want to necessarily, like, you know, drag them for it, but practically any consumer-facing multi-party wallet as a service offering is not doing real MPC. And what I mean by that is that what they're doing is they're splitting the key into multiple shares. Sometimes the key is generated locally on the device. Sometimes it's generated on one of their servers inside a trusted execution environment. But at the end of the day, usually it's just one actual machine somewhere that has the full key, splits it out with Shamir splits, and then the device gets one, they get one, and then there's maybe a third recovery shard somewhere else. And then when they do signing, and this is the really important part that makes this what I basically call not real MPC, is that when they do the signing, they are actually combining the keys, the key shares, into one place. So in other words, one of them, again, not going to name names, but one of them does the recombination on the user's device. So at that time, in memory, on the user's device, is the full wallet key. Or sometimes there's offerings where it's server-side, where the key material goes from the user's device to a trusted enclave on behalf of that user run by whoever that wallet as a service company is, and it then lives in memory in that trusted enclave. And again, recombined in one place, does the signing operation, and then discards that data from memory. Here's the problem. And this is literally like a multi-million dollar problem that these companies are going to face at some point when the New York Department of Financial Services, who really understands MPC and knows that that is not real MPC, knows that that is actually custodian behavior, is that because that key material lives in place at one time somewhere, wherever that's held, that's the custodian. And so by consequence, if they're not complying with the custodial obligations that are set in the laws of whichever regions have that requirement, like the state of New York, they are in violation of the law. The reason a lot of these companies have gotten away with it for so long is explicitly because MPC is pretty hard to understand and they're not large enough to be a target yet. NYDFS, though, doesn't really care. Once they figure it out, they're on you. And so the really cool thing about the way that we do MPC, the way that MPC works on Equilibrium, is that it's true MPC. The key shards never live in the same place. So I'm going to demonstrate this, and ironically, locally, yes, because the service is running locally and the sidecar is running locally. In this case, yes, this demonstration, the keys are on the same machine. But the way we use MPC is through special threshold signing algorithms. So, for example, with SecP256K1, we use a standard ECDSA algorithm for multi-party signing. If it's two of two, like in this case, we use DKL-S18. If you're using a higher threshold configuration, like three of five or whatever, then we upgrade to a different version of DKL-S that supports that more complex threshold-based signing. But at the end of the day, the key shards, when they are generated, like right here, they never live in one true place. So I'm going to demo that. And so I'm clicking Create. And this is basically the user experience. You click Create a Key. Great. Now let's go over here. You can see the server side where it's saying that it's created MPC key generation task. It's got six rounds of the DKL-S algorithm. And then on the sidecar side, you can see that it's picked up on the Create Key round. It's performing DKL-S18. It's going through the key generation steps. Now, the first thing that most people would probably react with is, wow, this is kind of slow. And the answer is, yes, it's slow for demonstration purposes. The refresh rate of this sidecar is configurable. I have it currently set to run one round per second. So generating one of these keys, once it's picked up on the task, takes about six seconds. And so once it's done, then we'll see the key created. But again, like I said, configurable. Your refresh rate can be much, much faster than this. An actual DKL-S18 run under normal network conditions is approximately like half a second. So now we've created the key. Now we have a public key. But what's important is, again, the key material lives in two separate places. Now, again, this is one system, but still, that sidecar holds on to its key share. The service holds on to its key share. And under these two interactions, the next thing that happens when you're trying to sign some message, instead of recombining those key shares, it's actually doing an MPC algorithm that's basically a form of oblivious transfer that turns kind of like a little multiplication matrix gadget. So if you're familiar with the grade school level multiplication where you're writing the numbers out and then you do the one-by-one multiplication steps, it's basically doing the same thing but in binary. And the way that it's doing it is through oblivious transfer, which is proper MPC rather than some kind of like, I don't know, the farce of having a trusted execution environment where you're recombining the key and signing just with a regular signing algorithm. So I'm going to hit sign. And then through that process, it's going to actually pick up on the task in a few moments. And when it picks up on the task, it will then proceed to do the rounds of DKL-S18. So you can see that the signature process, it's technically two rounds, but I have the round numbers doubled. So you'll see that it goes from 0 to 2. And that's because there's alternating steps on each side. And so once that's done, which as you can see, it's pretty quick, it generates the signed output. And of course, you can verify it and the signature is valid. And it's a valid signature for that public key that is here. And through that process, no key material has ever been exchanged between these two parties. It is strictly a multi-party computation. And that's very powerful. This basically de-risks an entire industry. Now let's get to some of the other things. So like I said, for things like Edward's curve for ED25519 with Solana, Farcaster, and so many other networks, this is the same process. You can choose your threshold. You can perform signatures. In this case, it's doing a three-round algorithm called FROST. And the way that that works is basically the same thing as DKL-S, but it's just a different algorithm for a different curve for a different signing algorithm. So let's dive into some of the other more interesting things. For example, Equilibrium uses DCAF-448 for stealth signing. And so same thing. You can create a DCAF-448 key. Or say that you have a validator. Now say that you have a fleet of validators. Like say you're running a mining pool, basically. And one of the trust issues that happens with people who run mining pools traditionally, like Bitcoin mining pools, for example, is that you are having to depend on the integrity and honesty of that mining pool operator to properly dole out rewards. Now some

All right, so let's get into the last part of the deeper integration. So like I said, all these things relate to actual like primitives on Q itself. So Q storage uses the hypergraph. QKMS uses the compute primitive. Identity and authorization uses the hypergraph as well as some degree of MPC through the compute primitive. QQ, hypergraph, and also the dispatch mechanism. QPing, dispatch mechanism. All of these things are composable primitives that can create just traditional web services. But let's talk about what happens when you take it one degree further. What if you were to compose the token primitive with the storage service and you were to create tokenizable assets that are compliant with the RDF schema validation to enforce certain types of 3D assets in this case. And that is what leads to Quark. Now this is going to be lame. I'm going to tell you this right now. I am not a 3D artist. I literally picked up some free art. So just bear with how bad it looks. This is just an example that is rendering raw files. There's no special lighting. It's real lame. But if you are good at game development, which I am not, then you're actually able to plug into this ecosystem rather easily. So we have basically your basic asset that I have as default. And if you check the shop, you'll see that there's no avatars. You'll also see the wallets integrated, including basically a primitive. If you've played any Epic games, you're familiar with like V-Bucks, but it's something kind of like that, but it lives on the Q network. So I'm going to go ahead and close this out real quick. So obviously you could see that there was nothing in the store. Okay, so let's go ahead and come back over to here into Q storage. You can see that I have some world assets there and that's what was able to load those worlds that were at least one of the worlds that was present. I didn't thumb through them. And let's go ahead and select this avatars folder. It's got some standard VRM assets. They're really bad. I mean, no discredit to the people that made them, but I'm not trying to demonstrate the graphical rendering prowess. I'm just trying to demonstrate how the Quark SDK works. So we're going to go ahead and upload. See what I was talking about? It'll ask you. And then go ahead, upload it. It ends up in the avatars folder. And then when it's done, you will see all of those files there. And as we start, we will pop back in and you can see that now there's those avatars in the shop and they are living as assets on Q. And so from here, let's take a look at this pirate model. Okay, so it costs 100 of these Q bucks. So we'll go ahead and buy it. And when you look at your items, you can see the asset that you own. You can set it as your avatar. And when you pop back in, of course, because this is just a very basic game demonstration and I'm very bad at UI on these things, so just bear with me. You can see that you are now as that asset that you own. This is important to consider when you're talking about decentralized ecosystems. Say, for example, there's quite a few people that I know that play VRChat. And while I have talked to the VRChat dev team, they do not like crypto. They're practically hysterical in reaction to any proposition of crypto. There is something to think about that I don't think they're quite considering. When you have a user that is playing a game, and depending on the game itself, there's certain things that you might own, like things that you bought from the store or the game itself, if you've bought the game. All those things is say that it was Ethereum aligned and you're doing this through your Ethereum wallet. All of those things that you own are publicly attached to your wallet address. And unless you have some kind of wallet hygiene where you use several different addresses for managing your funds, you're effectively creating the scenario where you're telling the world what games you're playing, potentially when you're playing them, and what assets you have on it, or potentially what worlds you have access to. Now, some people are fine with that. Some people think that that's a massive privacy violation. And so the really cool thing that is a compounding benefit of these different intrinsics that exist in Q is that all of that information is up to you to disclose. So when you go into the shop and you have your wallet, that wallet is a view and spend key that is visible to you, not to the game. That is something that you are using to look up the items that you own. And when you buy one of those avatars, for example, you're constructing a private mint transaction that is minting out that one item. But where it goes to is nobody's business and it's not visible to anyone else but yourself. And so by that, you're able to maintain and organize all the assets that you own, and no one else is the wiser unless you choose to show that to somebody. So is this demonstration showing a game? Yeah, it's not a very good one. That is pulling assets from your Q storage using the Quark SDK. Yes. And so, like I was saying, the Quark SDK will be published with the rest of this. This demonstration game, which will be published as well, it's a simple demo through FireOx, is actually doing those interactions through Q storage, through the collectible token. Somebody would very quickly guess, how is this working with the collectible token if the Quill token itself is still in the process of shard out? It's because this is right here is one, it's a development environment, and two, it's because it's using an alt-fee basis app shard. So it's not beholden to the same rules as the rest of the network, and that's how those alt-fee basis app shards work. But in the case of a deployment onto mainnet with this, that's your choice. If you want to have your own logic for the ledger-like behaviors of a token, if you want to do that, that's fine, and we're completely compatible with it. If you have the regular token primitives being used, but otherwise, if you just want to do it on mainnet itself, then you're free to do so. But yeah, it's pretty simple. The actual plug-in points are, like I said, very small. So if I go to QStorage Client, for example, the game ownership manager has a connection to storage. It will proceed to fetch those items. It uses the access key and secret key that is set up with access to that bucket. In this case, I'm just using the root user access key and secret key. That's insane. In a real-world context, it depends. If you're wanting to make it such that a user can only access an asset based on what they have access rights to, then you would potentially be custom writing policies for the specific objects that live in a bucket, or you would potentially be doing something a little bit more involved with QKMS, where you would create an HMAC key where you're one of the signing counterparties that is essentially checking and validating that user has the rights to even see that particular access, and so it generates the QStorage-given signed URL for it to download the file. But yeah, that's basically it. These are the primitives that I believe will be powering the web as we move forward, but more than that, it gives some privacy back to users in ways that most people didn't think was going to be possible when you're using the old SDKs of the world. And that's kind of the beauty of MPC, is that it enables a lot of things that you wouldn't expect to be turned into a private version implicitly, and the code in which you use to integrate with it is stuff you already know. And so that's very powerful to me. And so, as I said, in the next 24 hours or so, it'll probably be sooner. Billing service tests should be done pretty soon. We'll be releasing QConsole out to the public with all of the services attached, including the Quark SDK. Alongside that, we'll also be rolling out the update to QNS to Quorum Mobile. Like I said, QNS is about 24 to 48 hours away, and then Quorum Mobile will be directly after that. Outside of that, for the Node Runners, the 0.18 update is going to be coming out imminently as soon as we've got that last synchronization issue resolved. And I think that wraps up all the items. Cool. So let me go ahead and check the various chats, because I've only checked Twitch and Twitter and see if there's anything on Telegram. Oh, this actually wasn't a question that was asked just now, but I do want to answer it anyway because I know that there's other people that are watching this right now that have this question. For those who are not seeing a seniority score yet on the nodes, they're wondering if it's a fixable issue. Yes. That will be resolved with the 2.1.0.18 update rollout. When it rolls out to everyone, the final migration step of it will fix the seniority display issue. Let's see. Is there anything else? All right, checking Discord. And Telegram's clear. Discord's clear. Let me go back to Twitch and Twitter. If there's any questions that anybody has left, I'm happy to answer them. Oh, yeah. Actually, I'm sorry. I guess I didn't really describe that in detail. So they asked, can you re-explain what Hypersnap is? So right now, if you visit the Hypersnap page, it just kind of talks about the features of it rather than the full integration controls. But if you're familiar with what we've been building with Q, one of the core principles is that everything is private. Everything's private. And the cost of having privacy as that component means that it costs more
