updated, but we're going to go ahead and jump in and get started because this is probably going to be a two-hour session. Welcome everybody. If you're not familiar with this stream or what we're talking about, this is talking about Quilibrium, the multiparty platform as a service. Some of the things we're going to go through today are going to be talking about other projects as well. They're related to the Q ecosystem, but we'll dive into that as we get to it. So let's go ahead and get started. I'm going to get some stuff out of the way. All right. So today is going to be a talk about the State of the Union, of the protocol, of the larger objectives that we're pursuing as a company and as the protocol, and a lot of the development that's happened. If you're not a member of the Discord or the Telegram or the Quorum chat, there's probably going to be some things that you missed out on. If you're part of those chats, then you've probably already heard a lot of this. But for the sake of keeping everybody in the loop and everyone having the same information, let's get started. As always, quick disclaimer, the discussion today is not a solicitation for investment and is not financial advice. The Quill and corresponding rapped Quill tokens discussed on this broadcast are utility tokens, and Quilibrium, Inc. does not endorse or encourage speculation on the utility token of the network. I'm going to go ahead and get this moved over so I have my chat in front of me and everything. One of these days I'll actually have a proper streaming setup, but today is not that day. Also, as always, we talk about the mission. The mission of Quilibrium is to secure every bit of traffic on the internet, whether it's for Q-native applications, other decentralized protocols, or the broader web itself. And we're going to see a lot of that today. The ways we do this. So for those who are very new to Q and you want to understand the ways in which we're approaching this problem, we obviously are pursuing native secure applications and development tools, and we'll see a lot of those today, API-compatible tooling so we can meet people who are familiar with Web 2 development in the middle rather than trying to teach them a whole bunch of stuff about crypto and Web 3. And then finally, of course, enhancing the privacy of other protocols. So today's agenda is going to look short, but it's going to take quite a while to get through. First, we're going to talk about business updates. Then we're going to talk about dev updates. Then we're going to talk about the tech tree and the road ahead. On the business updates, I'm going to keep it pretty short. We've had some pretty good business development wins in recent history. The themes, since we're not going to discuss the partners yet, the themes have been around key management, specifically multiparty key management. That's what we do. Companies that are working on various wallets, so like crypto wallets. Digital asset management in general, there's a couple of different categories that falls under, like gaming. Talking about the Farcaster fork, and I'll dive into that. It'll be its own section. And then finally, on the web hosting front, and we'll have some stats to talk about as we go through the dev updates around that. The two big obstacles for us, both as a company and as a development team, have been, one, as a lot of you know, and are using the Quora mobile beta, it hasn't received an update in a while because we're currently trying to get the latest update through Apple's App Store approval. That App Store approval process, for anybody who's ever done it before, you already know the pain that we're going through, but for those who are unfamiliar with that process, Apple's very, very, very nitpicky, and they will just completely reject your update based on one small thing. And so we've been doing those one small things a few cycles now, and we're hopefully on the other side of it, and we'll see it appear in App Stores as soon as humanly possible. Obviously, there was the news about Discord rolling out the age verification update, and while I think they do have it to some degree, they haven't fully rolled it out yet, which has been beneficial for us because it's taken us a while to get the update out. Yeah, yeah, yeah, actually, I'm still dealing with that cold. It's a serious pain in the ass. So yeah, sorry you're dealing with it too. I hope you feel better soon. Oh, I guess, side note, for those who have been keeping up with me and the things I've talked about, it's been hard to find bang, and I finally found it again. All right. The other obstacle, which is related to the protocol, is of course completing the shard out process that unlocks all of the primitives of the network and releasing applications directly on the network instead of like an alt-fee shard basis. We'll talk about that. So that's basically the overarching view from the business update side. On the development update side, since the last stream, we've had four node updates, a fifth one on the way. Obviously, Quorum Mobile has been sent off for App Store approval. It's had two rounds of rejections. We're going through it. Again, if you're not familiar with the App Store process, a rejection doesn't mean, hey, we don't want your product on our App Store. It's a, hey, there's something about our policies that you just need to read that subsection of that policy and make sure that you're actually following it. In our case, it's been around user-generated content. There's a few features of Quorum Mobile. Quorum Mobile, at its core, is like Quorum Web. It's a decentralized and encrypted chat service. So if you've ever used Signal, you'll notice that Signal doesn't have things like user reporting because they don't collect any data about you besides your phone number, so it's not really easy for them to handle reporting. And very similar for us, we don't have, for our direct message support or the private group chat support, we don't have the ability to handle reporting in the same way. But what we do have are things like, in this update, we'll have a space explorer where you can look at public spaces for chats that you could join, and that's where you start to get into user-generated content reporting and being able to handle that. And if somebody is doing a public space and they're on our Space Explorer and they violated the App Store's policies, we have to be able to address that accordingly. Otherwise, they'll just kick us out of the App Store. So we do have to handle that. Alongside that, there's been the fork in the Farcaster community. We'll get into deeper detail of that later on, but a lot of people who use Farcaster are very well aware of what I'm talking about. We also released Clairo, which is our MPC machine learning framework and runtime and inference library. It's pretty cool, and we'll have some more details about that. And then finally, we also released MetaVM, which is our zero-knowledge and MPC-in-the-head proof runtime for virtual machines. Lots of cool stuff. So, talking about what's in progress. So, since the last call, we were talking about 2.0.18 that was on the precipice of a release. It has since been released. It had a lot of useful features, and some of these were really important to rolling out the other services that we'll be talking about. The first, of course, is the alt-fee-basis app shards. That's how we're able to launch these services while we're still dealing with the pains of trying to get the shard-out process for the Quill token itself to resolve. We also had some bug improvements to our proxy pub-sub support. So, if you were running a node that's in a really specific configuration and you can't have all the workers listening on individual ports, like whether you're behind a residential ISP that gives you maybe one to four port forwards on your router, or similar situations to that, we had a proxy layer that you could run on your master process that would basically dispatch all the messages to the worker processes through that proxy instead of having independent listeners. We also had some changes around how seniority merge and how seniority itself was calculated and updated on the network. And that same update also included two really important things for the subsequent services we released. We added a direct mode to Ferret. Ferret on its own, the way we had it set up, was spinning up basically an RPC listener, and then we would delegate traffic to that RPC listener. But there are some tools that it's much better and faster to just simply have exposed buffer access to memory instead of having to do this RPC layer. So we added direct mode to it. If you're not familiar with Ferret and you haven't seen our previous calls, Ferret is a library for providing multiparty computation. It basically gives you one of the fastest ways to create garbled circuits, which is just a way for multiple computers to work together and calculate things in a secure way. It basically means that the inputs going into the functions are private to the people who are inputting those inputs. And despite the fact that the computation is shared between multiple parties, those inputs are not revealed. DKLS23 support. DKLS23 is an extension of DKLS18 and 19. That was a two-end threshold of n-party MPC implication of the ECDSA signing algorithm. So in other words, what Bitcoin, what Ethereum, what a lot of networks use for public key signing. DKLS23 basically makes it a lot faster and more efficient to do multiparty threshold signing. And then we got to 2.0.19. There were some bootstrapping issues that we were finding around that time. Basically, the way in which our pub-sub layer is trying to reach out to the peers that basically keep a distributed hash table of all the other peers in the network. And it's basically like a phone book. external tools to be able to understand and interpret the state of the network. Then we released .20, which included some faster build tricks on our Docker images. Huge thanks to Hamoud. That was super clutch. It's been costing us anywhere between one to two hours every time we were creating a build, and that dropped us down to like 15 minutes. It was super awesome. It also had some additional logic around the proposers, which are basically the automated shard selection algorithm for nodes. We added support for how we calculate leaves so that your worker will choose to leave shards that are less advantageous than others. It's less important right now, but it will be super important as shards are being added to the network. Also included some smaller bug fixes. And then .21 was released, which included finally the release of QClient because we got all the protocol messages set in stone. It also added support for immediate rejections. So in other words, instead of having to wait the full 360 frames, you could actually propose a shard, join, and then you're like, ah, that's not actually the one I want. You can immediately reject it. Same thing with leaves. You can immediately reject the leaf. It also included, again, some smaller bug fixes. Now, the release that we are working on right now is .22. It includes some bug fixes to the prover management 2e as part of QClient. It also covers some eviction-related bugs that we were running into around coverage halt timeframes, which is what we're currently under. It also included a bug fix for seniority mergers themselves. Basically, if you had joined a bunch of shards and you were not planning on moving out of those shards, the seniority merge message, if you needed to emit one, was sometimes not actually getting incorporated. It's a bug fix for it. And the biggest thing, the most important thing, is how much we've been cutting down on bandwidth. So the one standout item before .22 ships, which is what we've been working on right before and will be right after this call, is bandwidth issues. If you're running under a residential ISP, it's part of our goals as the protocol dev team to make sure that it can run in a residential environment. If it can't, that's a problem. That's something we have to fix. And so some people have been reporting that, hey, we saw a 90% reduction in the global level traffic. That's awesome. But now, now that I got my provers up and they're running, the amount of bandwidth being consumed is just insane, like 300 to 400 megabits per second of traffic. It's basically breaking my router and I can't do anything else while the node is running. That's not acceptable. We should have much more predictable bandwidth behaviors. And so what we did on the global side is we changed how messages were sent to provers on the network at the global level and also how much traffic actually needs to be put on the PubSub layer versus just RPC calls. So we cut it over. Frame data, message data for global level messages, all of that got turned into RPC calls. And like I said, it cut down traffic by about 90%. We're going to be doing the same thing to workers. That'll be in the next update to the .22 branch and should be in theory the last thing we need before that is out the door. As far as the state of the network, we have about, this was like a screenshot right before this call began, about 256 shards are currently still in halt risk, which means they have less than three active provers on them. Needs coverage has improved quite a bit. It's at 536, which is less than six active provers. That does not cause a network halt. It just means that we should get more coverage. And then considered healthy shards, we're at 2306. Let's see. Oh, El Tigre, will we be able to run without a public IP at some point? That's my main issue with running at home. So one of the things that we wanted to be the case is that if you're running a node, you do have to have a public IP accessible. And the reason we set that requirement at this stage was because there's hundreds of people running nodes and there's, you know, last time I looked, I think it was like 408 active nodes at this time, which doesn't include all the workers, but like it's 408 addressable public nodes. And one of the problems that we have is that if there's too many people that are running with inaccessible nodes, like if the ports are not accessible, then depending on the quantity of traffic that is available for public addressing, if it's too much leaning towards private, then you'll run into some pretty painful issues around consensus halts and being able to actually get messages to pass through the network. So we have that requirement now. One of the things that we want to do, it won't be in the .22 release, but one of the things we want to do is to leverage the libp2p relay functionality, which means if somebody wants to run a relay node, they basically run a node that has a special flag that basically says to the bootstraps of the network, hey, I have a public IP. I'm willing to transport traffic on behalf of others. If others want to transport traffic through me so that they can run on a private IP address, like behind a residential ISP or whatever, you can totally do that. Technically, that's available today. If somebody wanted to run a relay right now, they could. When that will happen, I'm not quite sure. Technically, there is a way to run a node right now without a public IP. I can get you some more instructions. I just don't want that to become the common thread because in the early 2.0 days, that was causing huge problems for us. And so it would be really good to not have that be so common. That's why we added the connectivity tests to basically cut down on how many nodes were being effectively improperly run. Okay, so now we're going to dive into some stuff that's been released on the QManaged Services side. The first is what's called MegaRPC. MegaRPC is a privacy-preserving RPC, specifically RPC in the context of other networks like Ethereum, Solana,

Sorry, I had to clear my throat.

use public RPC services. And especially on the Ethereum side, there's basically three major RPC providers and they're all centralized. These centralized RPC providers basically make it easy for somebody developing a wallet or an app that interacts with those ecosystems, gives you the ability to say, hey, here's an address. I'm wanting to query the balances of tokens. I'm wanting to query transaction history. And they have already taken care of all of those problems for you. Because if you wanna run an Ethereum node, for example, it requires, I wanna say it's like about a terabyte if you're using the snap method instead of getting like the full block history. It still requires like a terabyte to store all of that data. And so most people won't run an Ethereum public node. It just doesn't make any sense for them financially to do it, especially if they're just wanting to query a few addresses in their tokens. And so similar to these public RPC providers like Alchemy and Infura, MegaRPC is going to be a managed service we're exposing on Qconsole. It's not out yet, but the actual RPC is running live and you're using it if you're using Quora Mobile. And basically it changes how these RPC behaviors work. So when you have tooling that calls out to an RPC, there's basically a set of standards. It's like saying eth underscore get filter or get logs or whatever. And those calls could be translated into oblivious RAM-based queries. And that's what we do. So when you're talking to MegaRPC, you're not talking in the standard RPC format, you're talking in an ORAM-based query format. And why that's important is because what that allows you to do as somebody who's interacting with the RPC is take amplitude, or not amplitude, take Alchemy or Infura, for example. When you connect to those RPCs, you're giving them two things, two really important things on a privacy side. You're giving them an IP address and you're giving them a wallet address. And when you give them those things, that links those two things together, possibly. For example, like MetaMask and Rainbow, when you're connecting to, when you're using those wallets, you're telling them who you are and what addresses you're using. Now, if you don't care about that because it's a public chain anyway, you can just ignore that and live in the blissful ignorance of what that could all mean. But if you understand the privacy-based implications of that problem, then you can understand why there's a benefit in having a privacy-preserving RPC. We don't collect your IP. We don't even know what you queried. Even if we, basically, when you run a web service, technically, you could log IP addresses. Or if you don't, someone else along the path could. And that happens a lot. And so, instead of creating that metadata leakage opportunity, we basically have designed it to use ORAM-based queries, which essentially is like saying, here's a thousand different things I could possibly be querying. I'm going to give you this in a weird, like cryptographically secure format that tells you what I want without you knowing what I want, which gives you the ability to stay private. And so, we've been talking to some wallet teams about the possibility of adopting it. Some are not interested because they actually want those analytics. Not going to ask why, but there's probably a reason. But nevertheless, it is the first RPC service that can't be evil. And we're going to be introducing Qconsole access to that this week. There's a question. Is it possible to hide an IP address across the entire network? Based on technologies like zero-knowledge mapping, could a peer find the other party without making it publicly visible? This would be necessary to penetrate internet censorship in countries with speech control, such as Iran. Now, that's actually an interesting topic because the problem with Iran right now, I mean, other than the obvious, like larger overarching problem, the problem with internet censorship in Iran is that they are actually just straight up blackholing internet traffic. They have basically shut off internet access in that country. And so, if you shut off internet access in that country, it doesn't matter if you have a public IP or not, you can't connect. So, one of the really cool things about libp2p as a library, even though it's got its faults, is that it has pluggable transports. And the nature of pluggable transports means that you can support things that are unconventional. And one of those things is long-range radio or LoRa, not to be confused with the LoRa of machine learning. It's a different thing. It's basically long-range radio, works pretty significant distances. It's low bandwidth. But the cool thing is that there is a way to plug that into libp2p. So, if somebody wants to run a broker node that utilizes our onion routing feature so that people who have long-range radios in Iran could connect through to that and be able to broker traffic, you could take all of the people who are currently suffering under oppressive regimes, whether it's there or elsewhere, you can give them the ability to freely communicate without one creating a digital trail because it's happening over radio waves. Now, keep in mind, radio waves can be triangulated. But if one person is creating that radio brokerage point and it's spread out across other forms of connectivity that are hardlined, now you have eliminated the gap. You've basically created one or a few choke points that could be of concern, but it becomes a lot harder with the actual sprawl and connectivity of a mesh network. And so, back to the old principle of, yeah, exactly. Time to set up my ham radio. PrivacyRBC, is it possible to create a fully privacy-focused version of OpenRouter on Quill? I'm not actually sure. I'd have to look into that. The answer is probably yes, but I would need to look into that. And I don't want to speak out of my butt here because there's a possibility I could be totally wrong. But in terms of being able to broker traffic through alternative routing schemes, whether it's to radios or Bluetooth, which yes, that's also a radio, but a different communication means, there's plenty of options and there's already plugins for libp2p. And we actually evaluated this. I want to say, I think it was PlanQ who wrote a test that basically used libp2p's WebSocket adapter to see if we could just immediately start using the WebSocket feature of libp2p. And it would just work without having to make any additional changes to the node software. And it did. And that's kind of the beauty of how the abstractions of libp2p can lead to really cool things with very minimal effort to extend them. Next up, QNS, the Qname service. There's been some smaller bug fixes. There are some issues that we saw around auctions and offers. Some people have tried to take advantage of that functionality. And I'm putting you on notice right now, like we are going to reprocess the transactions that should not have occurred. If you were trying to basically take advantage of the nature of the state machine around orders, you're going to have a bad time. Just letting you know you're on notice. Next up, we actually already did switch to the new RPC. So we're now using that privacy-preserving mega RPC I was just talking about. And then last but not least, of course, updates to the UI. There was a redesign that happened. Huge shout out to Lamat. He's been great in his redesign efforts. I am not a UI developer. I never have been, at least in any significant degree. I'm bad at it. I will be the first to tell you I'm bad at it. I don't proclaim to be a designer at all. So hugely thankful to him for the redesign of QNS and also QConsole, which I'll get to in a bit. It definitely looks a lot better than it did. Next up, Quorum Mobile. Like I said, Quorum Mobile is going through App Store approval. Primarily Apple's been the problem here. But every single time we've had to make an update for the Apple release, we're also making that same update for the Android release. So that way everybody's on the same release. So it just resets the clock every time and it's a huge bane. But the big things to call out are features like the Space Explorer, which lets you find other public spaces to join. We made it significantly faster. So if you were seeing things like the UI just locking up when you first opened it and it was just a massive pain in the ass to use, it's way better now. It's truly night and day. We took the entire JavaScript, like the React Native JavaScript trampoline that was basically creating access to the cryptography primitives that were doing the encryption and decryption of messages. We moved all of that onto the native side. So now the native side is completely responsible for handling messages. And that just like eliminated the worst performance gap that we had. We've also made changes to the ways in which we represent lists in the application. We added memoization LPS everywhere so that the UI components don't re-render every time a new message comes in. Just generally so much faster. The other thing is public profile support. So being able to have a public profile if you're wanting to do that, with like a public profile picture, if you want to expose your wallet addresses so others can find how to pay you easily, things like that. It's important to understand, again, the big thing that we do very differently than a lot of other messengers and super apps is we don't assume. We don't assume anything about what you want to expose to the world. And we always put that control into your hands first. We will never opt you in to something. It will always be something you have to manually opt in. That is just the nature of the beast. It means that sometimes we won't have the best UI. We won't have the prettiest UI. We won't have the simplest UI at times. But the reason for that is because

Okay, so regarding HyperSnap, around January, for those of you who already know, this is going to be a repeat, but around January, the company that was primarily responsible for the development of Farcaster and the client, which was also named Farcaster, which helps nobody, they announced they're shutting down and selling all of their resources to Nadar, who is a, or at least at the time, was a service provider for API access to Farcaster data. They had an AI integration with Farcaster. They have things like webhooks and also have an app studio tool, which makes it really easy for people who are developing many apps on Farcaster. And as you might know, Quorum is also a Farcaster client. The feed feature uses the Farcaster protocol. If you're plugging in your Farcaster wallet, you will have access to your wallet's funds as a secondary address on your wallet. You'll have access to the direct messages that exist only on the Merkel slash Nadar Farcaster API. They're not actually part of the protocol. We added that support to Quorum because one, Farcaster, even while it's dramatically decreased in daily active users, Farcaster still remains one of the most powerful decentralized social media protocols in terms of gaining traction for developers. They're like a very special club almost where a lot of people are early adopters, they're naturally curious, and they're exceedingly kind, which is also why we kind of got the Christian rap moniker associated with us. But one of the problems that happened, and this was in the early development of Snapchain, which is the protocol of Farcaster, it's proof of authority, which means that only the explicitly noted nodes in the authority set are allowed to be validators in the network. And at the time, I was actually on the Merkel team, and that was an objection that, of course, I had. We had it back when we did hubs as well. We moved it to permissionless. And so the argument was, we're going to do this now, like training wheels, and then we'll move on to something that's actually decentralized as our consensus model, away from proof of authority. What happened is basically when Farcaster sold, Nadar decided that they were not going to prioritize decentralizing the validator set. And of course, right away, that's fine. That's understandable. But we, as a team at Q, had a node that we were running as a validator, but not a public validator. It wasn't part of the authority set. And we had a longstanding PR that was out, I think it was actually out all the way back in late November, possibly early December, I can't remember the exact time. But we were offering to be a validator to help decentralize the validator set at least somewhat more than at the time was Merkel and Nadar. And the Merkel team told us, hey, that's cool, but we'll talk about it at the beginning of next year because everybody's out for the holidays. Okay, fine. January rolls around and then the news comes out while I was on Good Morning Farcaster. And Nadar is taking over for Farcaster. Okay, cool, great. I genuinely believed that that was a good fit because they've already been building tools that helped people use Farcaster. But subsequent actions from them forced me to reevaluate that position. We had that open PR to add a validator. They didn't add us. They explicitly chose a private company with a private beta access to their Farcaster client. In other words, not as open as Quorum was able to be accessed, but there was no public client. They ran their own validator. They were funded by VCs. And it felt really suspicious that a single phone call was all it took to add them when we had an outstanding PR. And so from there, I called them out about it. I said that that was unacceptable. That's not how we did things with our process for integrating PRs or making improvement proposals. And initially, the reaction was not necessarily super positive on either of our sides, and I'll admit that myself. But at the end of that initial altercation, they agreed, hey, we will add you. That's okay. And so we, at Q, announced, hey, good news. We're going to be part of the validator set. We're going to be helping steward the Farcaster ecosystem as peers of the network. And, oh, yeah, their decision to centralize Farcaster contradicts the original vision. If it's centralized, why don't we just use Twitter? Yeah, I mean, that's kind of the same argument I was going with. It needs to be decentralized. Otherwise, what's the point? And you can have philosophical debates about how much is sufficiently decentralized. I think that sufficiently decentralized is a shitty term, and it should have never existed. It's just a buzzword that makes people feel good about the fact that it's still centralized. Regardless, we got that agreement. Like, okay, we're going to be a peer on the network. Literally less than 12 hours later, I get a message early in the morning saying, hey, we actually changed course. Go ahead and fork. What? Okay, so we did. And so since then, we've had a couple of releases of Hypersnap. There's actually one that we're going to be releasing ASAP, literally, that basically makes the setup process for running a Hypersnap node just as easy as it was for Snapchain. We have a dedicated Docker organization for it. What's really important to understand is that while Quorum does use Hypersnap and QManaged services do tap into Hypersnap in ways that are useful for writing software, Hypersnap itself is not just Q. Like, we have explicitly one person from Q, Inc. in the Hypersnap org. The rest are other members of Farcaster. And that setup is very important because Farcaster does not succeed with a single corporate benefactor. It does not succeed with a single corporate steward. It requires having multiple people congregating on that front. And so that's the way that the fork is organized. That's the way it's moving forward. And there's some cool stuff happening around it. But it's important to bring up in this call because we do have things that integrate with it in the Q services. We do have it running as an Alt-V basis shard so that we can actually incorporate proofs onto the Q network so that if somebody uses Q storage to host files for images, you can actually create an embed out of it that works on Farcaster. So there's a lot of mutually beneficial things that happen with Hypersnap being adjacent to the Q ecosystem. Just something to talk about because it is something that was released in the time period since we last had this stream. Okay, MetaVM. We also released MetaVM. This didn't get a whole lot of fanfare and it's frankly because this is a very complicated subject and it's hard for people to understand the ramifications of what this means. But MetaVM is the first full hardware 64-bit RISC-V VM that works in zero-knowledge. And there are other 64-bit RISC-V CPU VMs that run in zero-knowledge, like, for example, Jolt. Jolt is a 16Zs. It's a slightly different approach than what we do. They do strictly MPC lookup tables, but whatever the case, architecturally, the end goal is the same to run a VM in zero-knowledge. What's important to understand about this and where we differentiate and why this is so freaking cool that I wish more people could understand the beauty of is that it allows you to prove execution at the hardware level of all of the OS stack. So if you run Linux, and let's say you're running a web server on Linux or you're running Doom on Linux, which we've already done, it allows you to prove from the initial boot all the way to the chosen stop point of execution that all of that was done correctly and did follow the exact explicit steps of compute required to do it. The output of that entire thing, proving the full OS and hardware execution, is less than, I want to say it's like less than 1.5 kilobytes for the total proof size. And also, of course, we support the Ethereum virtual machine and Solana's eBPF extensions. But what's really cool about all of that is that the proof outputs are supported by both Q and Ethereum. So the Ethereum ecosystem is talking about their roadmap and they're wanting to do a RISC-V virtual machine. They're talking about a 32-bit RISC-V VM, whatever. But the problem is this is all theoretical for them. There are companies out there like Succinct that have worked on these problems, and they are already trying to say, hey, use our thing. But what we've actually achieved is something far more in-depth. We enable full hardware virtualization and full support of proving it all the way out to running an OS. No one else has done that. And what that enables is if the Ethereum ecosystem does want to move to RISC-V, they're able to adopt ours if they want. And it's completely compatible with the proof system that already exists in Ethereum today. You could launch a smart contract on Ethereum that uses the BLS-12381 point evaluation and pairing functions, and you can evaluate the proof on a smart contract today on Ethereum, totally supported out of the box. But what's important for us, for the services that we release, is that it enables us to do services that are AWS-compatible like FFX, like EC2, or sorry, FFX is like Lambda. Things like EC2, things like ECS or EKS. That's what it enables for us in terms of the manager services that we offer. So we're aiming for general compute and web services provisioning, but it has the flexibility to let you do so much more. Yeah, okay, so Steli said, there is a better soon-to-be-decentralized social media community building platform already out, which will be running on top of Quilibrium. Cannot wait to get us live on Zap

All these lit up nodes are things that we have developed and released in some format. That doesn't mean that they're done. That doesn't mean that we don't have more development to do, but it means that it is already available and people can use it. And so we have essentially this like center set of nodes. These nodes are covering a few different categories. This, for example, covers Quorum. This, for example, covers the node software, the protocol. This covers the crypto intrinsics that are shared by practically everything that we build. And then here we have Claro, which, like I said, it needs to be lit up because it's now available. And like this, MetaVM, it's now available. The EVM shard, it's now available too. It's part of MetaVM. And of course, Hypersnap, like I already said. But when you actually fan out, you'll see things that are marked, that are not lit up. Those are the things that have not been released yet. And that is what you should look at when you're trying to understand where we're going and what we're building. If you don't understand the scope of what Q is aiming after, this is the easiest way for you to find out. You can simply see from the center ring what it is that's being built, and then what are the necessary components of it that make it possible. So for Quorum, obviously we have support for many apps, we have notifications that will be part of it. I forgot to mention that the App Store release does have proper notification support. Basic functionalities that the application needs to have, or the protocol needs to have, or whatever. And then the part that's grayed out are the things that are in development. So video calls, voice calls, and group wallets. And you'll also notice that there's links that sometimes get interchanged between different domains. So like this link right here, it relies on the wallet, of course. It points to Quorum itself, of course. And then it also points over up here. This is QKMS, our distributed key management service. And so let's go over to this spoke right here, because this is why Q exists. This is why we built it in the first place. Our goal is to protect every single bit of traffic on the internet. So of course, web services is the biggest hub with all of the spokes that basically point to it. And if you're familiar with Amazon Web Services, then you will notice that these categories are literally the same categories that exist when you try to talk about the features of AWS. So everything from machine learning to network and content delivery to compute to application integrations and storage and so on. Every single one of these things, every grayed out dot, that is our scope. That is what we're after. And every single day, we are working further and further and lighting up this entire chart. And when we have done that, in our idea, that is essentially fulfilling the first generational version of the network. So obviously, there's a lot to go through. But to talk about it in the terms of what's already released, there's things like QNZM, which is our equivalent to IAM. There's QKMS, which is our key management. There's QNAME service, which is essentially our Route 53 parallel. There's QQ, which is our SQS compatible parallel. QPING, SNS, and QStorage, S3. And you can get a really good sense for just how extensive the scope is here. Oh, yeah, relational. You can already see links to some of these. Not every single one of these has all of the dependencies properly scoped out yet in pointing to the actual implementations of how, like what primitives are used to make them work. But relational is a good example. It is already pointed out to make them work. But relational is a good example. It is already pointed out. And if you want, you can actually go all the way down here. Oh, man, I wish I... I need to fix that on the tech tree. It makes it too easy for you to accidentally lose the link. So anyway, we're pointing down to this here. And if you zoom in, you can actually see the labels without having to click. Consensus and the hypergraph. These features are what it takes to make relational work. Will we get QNAME and QStorage linking? Yes. Technically, it already exists on the back end. But we do need to make it possible on the front end for you to set up those relationships. But that's been actually baked into QNAME service from the very beginning. You're able to resolve it to anything you want. But what we have on the UI is resolving quorum public keys. But yeah, you can absolutely resolve it to QStorage content. And then when you resolve it to QStorage content and you have it as a public bucket, we actually make it possible in quorum for when you open the browser to a .Q name, it will actually do onion routing so that when you are routing through the network to get to that content, you never actually have to... Like your traffic is never processed by ClearNet. There is nobody who can identify what you requested. There's nobody who can identify the size of what you requested. We have multiple safeguards in the way to basically protect your privacy and make sure that the size of what you requested, we have multiple safeguards in the way to basically protect your privacy and make sure that there's no linkability. And this is really crucial to user privacy, especially in this age as every single one of these service providers is now betraying us all and proving why it's so dangerous to trust your data with these entities. But yeah, that's basically it for the tech tree. And so when you think about the road ahead, where we're going, what we're building, I've done these presentations for quite a while now and talking about the road ahead, and it's really surreal to look back at some of the early ones where we were talking about what's the plans with things like QStorage and things like SQS-like primitives and how are we going to do all that? And then also saying machine learning's way out there, and now that's all behind us. These things are already running. It's really cool to look back at that, but it's also important to understand that because we've made those strides, now the rest of the roadmap is unveiling itself before us, and now there's a really easy way for you to see what our target is. It should be unquestionable. If somebody's like, I don't know what QInk is planning on doing, you can see our targets are very public. We're very transparent. We are after it all. We are trying to make sure that we basically provide a decentralized, secure web services platform. We are trying to create an everything app that enables people to do all the things you do in something like WeChat, but privately. We are trying to make it so that every single person who has even the slightest bit of development skills can make really powerful private tools that can help everybody with whatever the aims of those products are. I think that's about it. I guess I was originally expecting it was going to be a two-hour stream, but I guess I forgot how fast I go when I'm drinking bang. I guess I'll take this opportunity to step back and see if other people have any questions. I have not looked at Twitter, so if you're watching the stream on Twitter right now, I'm very sorry. I don't have multiple monitors going, so I have my phone and I have the screen that you're all seeing. I don't see the questions that people have during the stream. Oh my God. Okay. Hey, quick thing, because I just saw this on the Twitter post. Some asshole is impersonating Q Ink. Do not click that link. Do not click that link. Report that post. That is not us. Sorry, I'm taking care of that right now, because this is super dangerous. Oh my God, Twitter. Okay, well, at least ban this person. Oh, shoot. I don't have... Okay. Hey, Agent 3, if you're watching this right now and you have access to the Q Ink account, can you block that Killibeen Inc. name? Because people really cannot... Do not click that link. If not, I'll be able to do it after the stream. But just... If you can, thank you. How do I... Man, I wish these tools were better. There we go. Okay. Okay, cool. I don't see any questions on Twitter, so if you do have any questions on... Oh my God. Man, these impersonators are insane. Okay. Yeah. Classic Twitter. Nothing useful on Twitter. All right, so questions on Twitch. It seems the issues with the halted network are being fixed and we're nearing the end of the shard out phase. After shard out, the mainnet will be officially activated. Is there still a possibility of the mainnet going down? It seems like thorough testing has been done. Yeah, so technically mainnet's running right now. And I mean, like, yeah, you can say, well, hey, the most important thing is not unhalted yet, so is it really running? Yeah, it's really running. I mean, the rules that are applying right now for coverage halts are the same rules that get enforced later on. So, for example, with the token right now, the token shards are essentially what's blocking everything else because everything else relies on fee-based transactions, but alt fee-based transactions are completely valid right now, and that's why we're able to launch all those other Q services. Mainnet's running. The difference is that when we reach the point that the shard, like the coverage halt is over, if somebody were to, like, you know, if one of the shards that's counted for coverage loses its coverage, there is a period of time where the network will not halt immediately, but it will warn. It will warn so that people can add coverage to those shards,
